and that makes it come back
weave on a closed parking that fans
of class saw so much of my class yeah
favorably to other yachts Piotte I love
filming in the huge sweeps bah yes
but that's the loan but as in
the elite and the way exactly then the
blow is what you believe that if I
shoot
here you go if you want to stop
is good sky loaves why is there
that because the cross there all after
Munene very well the singers
tangent well know very good way
body tour I like that
this concept of two meetings of two
Romanian yole burgy why checha
right to open the tile a Romanian
then frees hubert you did not tell me and
finally four months on this meeting
between class friends in time there four
serious words this driving is it's
yes yes we also stopped because
we are joining cause us not at all
wanted to take pictures
tell me no no I'm cold come in to
just now it'll thank you super
things this job is however 35
thousand ha yes on our the old
allowance to betty then you're not
completely disturbed there I think they
have made a good strategy in Besse
because I was not convinced at
start but there they will attract a
new clientele
it's been known the younger land and they
will take
it is to cassagnoles tatum
he said everything he said everything you are
beautiful clemency
you are going to say clemency who was beautiful
we must tell women that they are
beautiful we tell them never enough but yes
it's true here is ben my truck
when you ride yo yo